Note to Azure AD article (#4844)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cms/reference/security/authenticate-with-active-directory.md

                            });
                    });
            });
            return builder;
        }
    }
}
```
{% endcode %}

{% hint style="info" %}
Ensure to replace `{your_client_id}` and `{your_client_secret}` in the code with the values from the Azure AD tenant. If Azure AD is configured to use accounts in the organizational directory only (single tenant), you also have to specify the Token and AuthorizationEndpoint.
{% endhint %}

* Update `ConfigureServices` method in the `Startup.cs` file:

{% code title="Startup.cs" lineNumbers="true" %}
```csharp
public void ConfigureServices(IServiceCollection services)
{
    services.AddUmbraco(_env, _config)
        .AddBackOffice()
        .AddWebsite()
        .AddComposers()
        // Add ConfigureAuthentication
        .ConfigureAuthentication()
        .Build();
}
```
{% endcode %}

* Build and run the website. You can now login with your Azure AD credentials.

    ![AD Login Screen](images/AD\_Login.png)

{% hint style="info" %}
In some cases where Azure B2C does not provide an email for the user, it can be necessary to add additional code.

> Add the following snippet within the `backOfficeAuthenticationBuilder.SchemeForBackOffice` between lines 29 and 30 in the code sample in step one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following snippet within the options of `AddMicrosoftAccount` between lines 29 and 30 in the code sample in step one:
```

```csharp
 // Example on how to get a different field from the user profile
options.UserInformationEndpoint = "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me?$select=otherMails,displayName,givenName,surname,id";
options.ClaimActions.MapCustomJson(ClaimTypes.Email, x =>
{
    return x.GetProperty("otherMails").EnumerateArray().First().ToString();
});
```

> {% endhint %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extra code will read the user email from the microsoft graph api.

{% endhint %}
```
